Linux/mac fix for setup (#178)
carpentries-incubator/high-dimensional-stats-r: setup.md

the speed of your computer, your internet connection, and any packages you have
installed already. You'll need to install R 4.0 or later.

> On Linux and Mac systems, R package installation often requires additional system dependencies. If you are a Linux or Mac user, to ensure that you can download packages using the code below, first run the terminal commands for your distribution [here](https://docs.posit.co/connect/admin/r/dependencies/). For Mac systems, you can use the Ubuntu code. Note that you will need to use root access (sudo) to install the system dependencies. Windows users can skip this step.

Reviewer: Can mac users actually run apt install...?

Reviewer: I think it'd be homebrew for a mac package manager, but ideally we'd get them just using binaries as well...

Reviewer 2: I think as comment to say to just use binaries is ideal.

> On Linux and Mac systems, R package installation often requires additional system dependencies. If you are a Linux or Mac user, to ensure that you can download packages using the code below, first run the terminal commands for your distribution [here](https://docs.posit.co/connect/admin/r/dependencies/). For Mac systems, you can use the Ubuntu code. Note that you will need to use root access (sudo) to install the system dependencies. Windows users can skip this step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
R usually enables package downloads using pre-built binaries. Some times, this is not possible,
particularly on Linux and Mac systems. In this case, R package installation often requires additional
system dependencies.
If you are a Linux, to ensure that you can download packages using the code below, first run the terminal 
commands for your distribution [here](https://docs.posit.co/connect/admin/r/dependencies/).
Note that you will need to use root access (sudo) to install the system dependencies.
Mac users may need to use homebrew, and Windows users may need to install [RTools](https://cran.r-project.org/bin/windows/Rtools/).
Ideally, installing packages will proceed without error and you can ignore these steps, but this isn't always the case.

Previous learners have reported issues with **`igraph`**. Installation instructions for this package can be found on [https://r.igraph.org/](https://r.igraph.org/),
```

Reviewer 2: Looks good. Small typo on line 14, should be 'If you are a Linux user,'
